Tiantian, this is the cake I bought specially for you,
From now on, I will buy you a cake every time you ask me.
I’m here to celebrate your birthday, thank you, Brother A Shen,
Tiantian, come here, where is auntie?
I bought you a piece of mood,
Tiantian, from now on, what do you want to eat and wear?
Just tell me what you eat to buy you,
I want you to be your own beautiful little princess,
God damn it, I can’t buy it from you,
It's me, you're going to hit the short end of the stick,
As long as the book is there, I will keep you safe.
The meaning is worry-free, thank you,
The princess said, ah, eat quickly,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
and brother Anxin
If you have an aunt who publishes books, don’t you recognize her when you are together?
It seems that I have already started reading
I will start publishing books right away